DOCSP-3828 - Add Set Parameter configuration file options. (#227)
mongodb/docs-bi-connector: source/reference/mongosqld.txt

     - string
     - :option:`--serviceDescription <mongosqld --serviceDescription>`

Set Parameter Options
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: sh

   setParameter:
     polymorphic_type_conversion_mode: <string>
     type_conversion_mode: <string>

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Name
     - Type
     - Corresponds to

   * - .. setting:: setParameter.polymorphic_type_conversion_mode
     - string
     - Determines how :binary:`~bin.mongosqld` evaluates document fields

>        that are specified with multiple data types. For a list of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       that are specified with multiple data types. Accepted values are
       ``off``, ``fast``, and ``safe``. To learn more about these
       values,
```

>        accepted values, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       see
```

       :ref:`System Variables <system-environment-variables>`.

   * - .. setting:: setParameter.type_conversion_mode
     - string
     - Specifies the semantics that :binary:`~bin.mongosqld` uses for
       type conversions, such as the CAST function. For a list of
       accepted values, see

>        :ref:`System Variables <system-environment-variables>`.

Reviewer: I would replace this with the block I changed earlier in this PR:
```
     - Specifies which mode the :binary:`~bin.mongosqld` uses to
       :doc:`convert data types </reference/type-conversion>`.
       |bi-short| uses its own mode (``mongosql``) by default. Accepted
       values are ``mongosql`` and ``mysql``.
```
There were only two values, so just listing them here made sense.
